For this assignment I will be choosing five different Python packages that I find interesting. I have chosen to research and write about PyTorch, Pygame, Pywhatkit, Asciimatics, and TQDM. 


	PyTorch is a Python package that helps you create machine learning models to train an artificial intelligence to complete tasks for you. It provides various commands to train neural networks, computer programs based on human brains. PyTorch has been used to train computers to play games such as Super Mario Brothers and Chess. Similar technology is being used for autonomous vehicles, ChatGPT, and image recognition. I would be interested in using this package recreationally to make fun programs where the user can train an AI pet of their own. 

	Pygame is a package that can handle various useful functions often used for making videogames.  It can draw shapes and load images onto the screen. Audio can be played with Pygame, including music and game sound effects. It can handle user input through keyboards, mouses, and even controllers! Many games have been created and recreated using Pygame, including Pacman, Brick Breaker, and even a custom art program. I have always been interested in creating games, especially with code. I will definitely be looking into Pygame when making my next project! 

	Asciimatics is a package all about creating ASCII art through the terminal. ASCII art, or American Standard Code for Information Interchange art, is form of art that arranges text symbols to make art. This was very popular during the early days of the internet when computer resources were limited and creating, transporting, and displaying images was a difficult task. In the modern day it is used mostly for fun, displaying interesting-looking images with a style reminiscent of the 1990s. Asciimatics helps programmers make art, interfaces, and games with ASCII characters. I’ve been interested in this kind of art for a long time, I’ve even made some myself! I’m considering implementing some in a project I’m working on, and if I do, I will use Aciimatics to do it! 

	Pywhatkit is a simple but fun package used to interact with various websites. It could be used to send messages through messaging sites, playing videos from YouTube, or get information about a topic from Wikipedia or Google. It is designed to be easy to use for beginners with simple, intuitive command. The package also supports other tasks like converting images to ASCII and sending emails. You can even use it to remotely control your computer from your phone! I would be interested in tinkering with Pywhatkit by automating basic tasks on websites, controlling my computer remotely, and converting regular art to ASCII art. 

	TQDM is a python package used to create beautiful, live updating progress bars for your programs. It can be used seamlessly with loops, displaying iterations, time spent loading, and even an estimate of when the program will finish! It can be hard to tell if I program is loading something or if something went wrong, so progress bars can be very useful for reassuring the user that everything is ok and that they just need to wait. This is a program that will be very useful to me for an upcoming project. I’m currently planning out a game that I will be writing in Python that will allow the player to fast forward a set number of days. The user’s computer could take a long time to calculate what happens on every day they skip if they input a very high number, so a good progress bar is a must for me! I will be implementing TQDM when I add in that feature.